Welcome to eddysnightout
Today you’re gonna follow eddy through their night out. The choices you make will determine eddys fate. Will he make it home?

First off, would you like to make eddy a boy or a girl?
a) Girl
b) Boy

Now that we’ve determined the gender we can find eddy at his home.
Eddy and his friends want to go out tonight.
They want to have pre-drinks but eddy and his friends have almost finished their student loan.

Should they:
a) Buy a 24 pack of Bavaria beer
b) A bottle of Smirnoff Vodka
Eddy and his friends buy a 24 pack of Bavaria and play beer pong. They get smashed.
Eddy and his friends are drunk. They need to leave the house to get to the club.
Eddy runs to his room to grab his things, what does he grab?
	a) ID

		Eddy grabs his ID, checks the clock on his wall and leaves the house with his mates.
		They get to the club. Should Eddy:
		a) Try and skip the line
		b) Stand in line and wait to get in

			Eddy ___ and gets in.
			He's now in the club. Should Eddy
			a) Grab a drink
				Eddy is already very intoxicated. But he decides to grab another drink anyways.
				He downs the drink and dances the night away.
				Or so he thinks.
				Unfortunately Eddy danced a little too hard.
				In the morning he wakes up remembering the best night ever, looks up at his clock and realizes it's not his.
				He squints at the wall and reads 'HOSPITAL'.

			b) See if he knows any other people in the club
				Eddy forgot his glasses at home. He thinks he recognizes his friend and bumps into him. It was not his friend...
				Eddy gets knocked out on the spot.
				DO YOU WANNA TRY AGAIN?

		c) Ditch the club and go play Pokemon Go
			Eddy ditches the club and plays Pokemon Go all night with his friends.
			While walking around they notice a yellow animal in the distance and can't believe they're seeing Pikachu in real life.
			Should Eddy grab the pikachu?
			a) yes

				Eddy and his friends grab him and run home hoping they didn't get seen.
				After a long night out they go to sleep.
				When they wake up the next day they can't understand how a dog got into the house.

			b) no

				Eddy missed the chance to get a Pikachu. They continue their night but come home empty handed.

	b) More vodka

		Eddy decides to down the vodka and doesn't make it out of his room.

	c) His glasses

		Eddy grabs his glasses and leaves the house with his mates.
		They get to the club. Should Eddy:
		a) Try and skip the line
		b) Stand in line and wait to get in

			Eddy reaches the front of the line but forgot his ID! He can't get in.
			DO YOU WANNA TRY AGAIN?



c) A bottle of Moet Champagne
Eddy and his friends buy a bottle of champagne and its yummy but they’re still fairly sober.
Eddy and his friends used all the money for the champagne and didn't have the money to go out.
DO YOU WANNA TRY AGAIN?


